Adding discontinuation to CVD (#1386)
ihmeuw/vivarium_research: docs/source/models/concept_models/vivarium_us_cvd/concept_model.rst

Where adherence score = 0 for primary or secondary nonadherent; and adherence score = 1 for adherent 

Treatment Discontinuation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> In order to address overly optimisitic medication in the simulation, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to address overly optimistic (i.e. too much) medication in the simulation, 
```

we are adding a possibility for treatment discontinuation. The general 

> priniples for discontinuation are based on the observations of [An_2021]_ 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
principles for discontinuation are based on the observations of [An_2021]_ 
```

> which summarized the number of patients who discontinued treatment at 1 year 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which summarized the number of patients who had discontinued treatment by 1 year 
```

This is the correct interpretation, right?

and 2 years after initialization. This approach can be summarized as: 

> - Approximately 31.4% of simulants who start medication will discontinue all treatments within 1 year (this is a weighted average across medication types)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Approximately 31.4% of simulants who start medication will discontinue all treatments within 1 year (this is a weighted average across medication types in reference above)
```

- Simulants who make it one year on treatment will continue on treatment indefinitely - this is based on the relatively low number of patients who discontinued treatment between year 1 and year 2 
- Simulants who discontinue treatment will not restart medication at any point 

In practice, these principles are implemented through rules applied to at initialization 
and on time steps: 

> **On Initialization**

Reviewer: Did you avoid using a burn-in approach due to computational constraints? Might want to note that here.

between 0 and 3 years in the past. This is designed so that approximately 1/3 of simulants are 
eligible for discontinuation and was validated through the interactive sim below. It was 
designed so that the initialized rates of medication are maintained throughout the sim. 

Simulants initialized NOT on treatment: 

Some simulants initialized not on treatment will have already started and discontinued 
treatment, meaning they are not eligible for future treatment. To include this in the sim, 
31.4% of simulants within an age/sex group will be randomly assigned as inelgible for future 
treatment due to prior discontinuation. The remaining 68.6% will still be eligible for future 
treatment assignment. 

This 31.4% will be an overestimate, especially for age/sex groups with low medication rates. However, 
it is a reasonable simplification and was designed so that the initialized rates of medication 
are maintained throughout the sim. This was validated in the interactive sim. 

**On Time Steps**

All simulants receiving treatment will have a chance to discontinue 
based on their time on treatment. Any simulant who has started treatment 

> within 1 year will have a 2.4% chance of discontinuing treatment on each time step. 

Reviewer 2: We should probably specify this in terms of discontinuation rate per person-year, so that the sim works the same if we change the step size.
